good morning it's may 11
2021 and it's a tuesday
here in l.a another cloudy morning
very still right now 61 degrees
fahrenheit
around 16 celsius
today is a happy birthday
for the weather report the return
we've gone from may 11
2020 to may 11
2021.
and it's thanks to all of you who
visit this site a great group
also want to thank kcrw great radio
station
for broadcasting the weather report each
day
and i want to thank sabrina for
keeping this site rolling each day
happy birthday to everyone
the weather report the return
today it'll be going up to
73 degrees fahrenheit around 23 celsius
and once again once these clouds burn
off
around lunchtime we should be enjoying
those beautiful
blue skies and golden sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day